README.md, before:

# SAMMY
Sammy is a simple discord bot that notifies you when games go on sale! This read me is the documentation of the bot along with how to use it.

## Commands
`$help` - displays all the available commands that can be used with Sammy.

`$hi` - Sammy will say hi back!

`$ping` - Let Sammy know you're ready to ask for assistance

`$sale -<count>` - *still in production* Sammy will tell you what games from your Steam library are currently on sale. Count flag tells Sammy the number of games from your current wishlist that you want to return (it will return just the first <count> specified in the wishlist currenlty.)

## API Usage
Sammy was built in NodeJS with discord.js. The use of the public Steam API was required for me to be able to fetch user wishlists. Future API usage includes other online markets to be able to retrieve more than just Steam games (PSN, Epic Games, etc.)

# Demo
No demo yet - lol; since the bot is still in developement. Demo section will be updated when the bot is deployed and released.

Commit message:

mainly restructured code. implemented a banner for each response from a command. also updated README.md with new commands and future implementation ideas.

README.md, after:

# SAMMY
Sammy is a simple discord bot that notifies you when games go on sale! This read me is the documentation of the bot along with how to use it.

## Wishlist
Your wish list works very simply. Your wishlist contains any game you want to add to your library. These games in your wishlist

## Commands
`$addGame -[Game Title]` - This command adds a game to your wishlist. 

`$list` - This command prints all of the games in your wishlist in a message.

`$sale -[Game Title]` - This command will tell a user in a server what the current price is and how much it is on sale for!

`$pc -[Game Title]` - Sammy will provide the current retail price of a game that is passed in as an argument.

`$sort -[price] -[name]` - *still in development* This command takes an arbitrary numbe of arguments and will sort the list.

`$help` - This command prints out the list of commands that are currently available.

## API Usage
Sammy was built in NodeJS with the discord.js library. Originally, I wanted to use the Steam API to fetch prices directly from the Steam Store. But in my opinion, the Steam documentation was not easy for me to understand. So I used a free API to fetch all the relevant data needed for the bot to work properly for now. 

# Next Steps
Few plans for the future. Firstly, I wanted to deploy something that works. The commands implemented so far work! Give them a test!

However, as of now - the bot only finds games that are on sale if you play on PC. I want to integrate sales from other stores too such as the PSN store and the Xbox Market next. I also want to get the sort function to work!

# Demo
No demo yet - lol; since the bot is still in developement. Demo section will be updated when the bot is deployed and released.
